*Mood*: good, I'm up late
*Productivity*: good
*Sleep*: 8 hrs
*Wake-up time*: 7 am
*Reading*: 

## Reminders
- *Don't talk about it*
- *Eat Healthy*
- *Control screen time*
- *Don't give up*
- *Don't fall for temptation*

## Tasks 


## Today's Learnings 
I didn't do anything to be honest. But personally I learnt some things, I'll point it out below reflections. 

## Reflections
I watched p*** again, why? because I couldn't sleep, why? because I couldn't get these things out of my mind:
1. the fwc hackathon
2. how I had to team up with sabah and sahana, which I didn't want to
3. how I was not even considered when I was one who asked to be a part of the team by shasha and trupthi. 

I can understand trupthi not getting along with me but even shasha? I'm starting to think that maybe people just don't like me. All these thoughts flowed in and I gave in to the temptation to do it. I should've endured it.

Even after doing it, I couldn't get the combination of these thoughts out of my mind. I didn't sleep well the whole night, I just closed my eyes. I tried using whatever I learned in meditation to calm me down and clear my mind but they didn't work. I feel shitty af but I want to concentrate on the Hackathon project. 

I need to learn that those thoughts made me feel bad and still make me feel like shit even after doing `it`. 

I need to understand that this mixed pain of regret and this wave of sad thoughts are just things that are gonna weigh you down.

> [!quote]
> "One who lives in the past is depressed, one who lives in the future is anxious, one who lives in the present excels."

Its a fucking mini essay, wtf.. :) You are in your winter arc to do it alone, don't complain just keep doing it. 